Added new intent extras to interactivity guide (#7556)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/android/custom-tabs/guide-interactivity/index.md

    .setSecondaryToolbarViews(secondaryToolbarViews, clickableIds, toolbarPendingIntent)
    .build();
```

> ## Add an action button to the toolbar

Reviewer: Would it make sense to link to this section from the [existing toolbar button section](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/android/custom-tabs/guide-interactivity/#add-a-custom-action-button)?

Author: I could even move them closer together and then cross-link them.

To add an additional action button to the toolbar, use the intent extra `EXTRA_SHOW_ON_TOOLBAR`:

> `actionIntent.putExtra(ActionBroadcastReceiver.EXTRA_SHOW_ON_TOOLBAR, true);`

Reviewer: Reading only this section I don't understand where the `actionIntent` is coming from. Also, how do I specify label and icon for the button?

Author: Updated the intent syntax from your example. I suspect this is supposed to be part of the button creation process that's already in the doc, but I don't know how they fit together.

If the action icon doesn't fit on the toolbar, it will display on the second toolbar.

## Disable bookmarks and download buttons

To disable the bookmarks and download buttons from the three dot menu, use the following intent extras:

> `actionIntent.putExtra(ActionBroadcastReceiver.EXTRA_DISABLE_BOOKMARKS_BUTTON, true);`

Reviewer: `actionIntent` is used in the section above for a PendingIntent. In this case I assume it should be a customTabsIntent:

```
CustomTabsIntent customTabsIntent = new CustomTabsIntent.Builder()
        .build();
customTabsIntent.intent.putExtra(ActionBroadcastReceiver.EXTRA_DISABLE_BOOKMARKS_BUTTON, true);
```

or am I missing something here?

Author: I pulled that out of the example syntax because no one gave me any other context, and I figured the best way to get a complete answer was to do it wrong first and get corrected.

    .build();
```

## Enable bookmarks and download buttons

> Enable the bookmarks and download buttons from the three dot menu in the custom tabs builder using the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the bookmarks and download buttons from the three dot menu in `CustomTabsIntent.Builder` using the following code:
```
